URL, Filter0, Filter1, Filter2, Dasboard
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?filter=e30%3D&query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjl9&view=e30%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjl9&view=e30%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjl9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjksInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjl9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 9 - HOME, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjh9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjh9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjgsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjh9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 8 - SHOES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjd9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjd9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjcsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjd9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjd9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 7 - ACCESSORIES, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjYsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 6 - COSMETICS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjYsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 6 - COSMETICS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjYsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 6 - COSMETICS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjZ9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 6 - COSMETICS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjV9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjV9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjUsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjV9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 5 - CHILDRENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjR9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjR9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjQsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjR9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 4 - JUNIORS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjN9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjN9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjMsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjN9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 3 - WOMENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjF9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjF9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjEsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjF9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 1 - MENS, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjB9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjo0fQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInZvbHVtZUdyb3VwIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjB9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInJlZ2lvbiI6M30%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInJlZ2lvbiI6Mn0%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjAsInJlZ2lvbiI6MX0%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJmYW1pbHkiOjB9, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: 0 - OTHER, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NH0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6M30%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6Mn0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MX0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjN9, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjJ9, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjF9, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NH0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NCwicmVnaW9uIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NCwicmVnaW9uIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NCwicmVnaW9uIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6NH0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 4 - GROUP 4, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6M30%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MywicmVnaW9uIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MywicmVnaW9uIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MywicmVnaW9uIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6M30%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 3 - GROUP 3, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6Mn0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MiwicmVnaW9uIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MiwicmVnaW9uIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MiwicmVnaW9uIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6Mn0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 2 - GROUP 2, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MX0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MSwicmVnaW9uIjozfQ%3D%3D, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MSwicmVnaW9uIjoyfQ%3D%3D, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MSwicmVnaW9uIjoxfQ%3D%3D, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJ2b2x1bWVHcm91cCI6MX0%3D, Region: All, Vol Group: 1 - GROUP 1, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjN9, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjJ9, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjF9, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjN9, Region: 3 - WEST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjJ9, Region: 2 - CENTRAL, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity?query=eyJyZWdpb24iOjF9, Region: 1 - EAST, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
https://ip.armeta.com/demo/analytics/sales-opportunity, Region: All, Vol Group: All, Product Group: All, Sales Oppurtunity
